chore(#994): simplify server start (#1014)
recognai/rubrix: docs/getting_started/setup&installation.rst

.. code-block::

   python -m rubrix

By default, the Rubrix server will look for your Elasticsearch endpoint at ``http://localhost:9200``.
But you can customize this by setting the ``ELASTICSEARCH`` environment variable.

**If you are already running an Elasticsearch instance for other applications and want to share it with Rubrix**, please refer to our :ref:`advanced setup guide <configure-elasticsearch-role-users>`.

Uvicorn
"""""""

> Since, rubrix server is built using fastapi, you can launch rubrix server using **uvicorn** ASGI server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the Rubrix server is built on fastapi, you can launch it using **uvicorn**:
```
